chore: update focus group doc and add page to onboarding (#1213)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/medic/product-development-process/focused-groups.md

Team members:
- Technical Product Owner
- Product Designer
- UX Researchers
- Software Developers
- Quality Assurance Engineer

Videos:
- [Introduction to Allies Focused Working Group](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsc1XMdXhXs)
- [Inner workings of Product Team's Allies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg7rQebc9-o)

See Allies OKRs [here](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112/views/12).

## Infrastructure
Focused on robust and efficient development, deployment, and support of CHT infrastructure.

Key users: App Developers, App Deployers, Core Engineers.

Team members:
- Technical Product Owner
- Site Reliability Engineers
- Software Developers
- Quality Assurance Engineer

See Infrastructure OKRs [here](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112/views/15).

## Ecosystem

> This team's primary objective is to improve the Community Health Toolkit in collaboration with other members/partners in the digital health ecosystem (DHE). The team actively develops enhancements and promotes their implementation within the DHE. They engage in ongoing discovery by conducting generative interviews with key users to gain a deep understanding of the ever-evolving needs and opportunities for enhancing the CHT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Focused Working Group's primary objective is to build on the Community Health Toolkit in collaboration with other members/partners in the digital health ecosystem (DHE). The team actively develops enhancements and promotes their implementation within the DHE. 
```

Reviewer: Let's use FWG instead of `team` for the sake of consistency on this page.

I removed `They engage in ongoing discovery by conducting generative interviews with key users to gain a deep understanding of the ever-evolving needs and opportunities for enhancing the CHT.` because all the FWG do continuous discovery, which is inconsistent with the other FWG descriptions. We already mentioned the continuous discovery at the top of the page.
@latin-panda @Phil-Mwago

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/pull/1219).

Reviewer: Perfect, thanks!

> - 2 Software Developers

Reviewer: I believe we need to update this for every FWG, as we are hiring one extra developer for each.

- Quality Assurance Engineer

> Videos:

Author: @mrjones-plip Is this okay? I'm not sure if it's okay to add the drive link or if it's better to upload it to YouTube.

Reviewer 2: Let me give you two new links, both youtube.  The video I just made about Allies is OK to be public, but the brown bag was an internal video that wasn't meant for the general public. I think if we trim off all the questions at the end, the main content of me speaking is OK to publish!

I'll be right back!

- Quality Assurance Engineer

Videos:
- [Introduction to Allies Focused Working Group](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsc1XMdXhXs)

> - [Inner workings of Product Team's Allies group](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg7rQebc9-o)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Inner workings of Product Team's Allies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg7rQebc9-o)
```

Team members:

> - Technical Product Owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Technical Product Owner
- Product Designer
- UX Researcher
```
